App FQDN depends on the region (#697)
Scalingo/documentation: _posts/platform/app/2000-01-01-ssl.md

## \*.scalingo.io Domain

By default you can access your application using the following domain name:

> `my-app.<region>.scalingo.io`. Replace `<region>` with the region where is your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`my-app.<region>.scalingo.io`. Replace `<region>` with the region where you have created your
```
